Create Open-Positions.md (#144)
ZcashFoundation/zfnd: about/Open-Positions.md

---
layout: page
title: Open Positions
excerpt: "We are hiring."
---

The Zcash Foundation is excited to grow our team. See below for current openings. 

> We're looking for someone who is as excited as we are about building private financial infrastructure for the public good, and we take that task very seriously. We depend on work samples and collaborative interviews to evaluate candidates and place a heavy emphasis on the take home projects and interviews. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're looking for people who are as excited as we are about building private financial infrastructure for the public good, and we take that task very seriously. We depend on work samples and collaborative interviews to evaluate technical candidates and place a heavy emphasis on the take-home projects and interviews. 
```
